\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename redshift-adjust.info
@settitle redshift-adjust
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Ergonomy
@direntry
* redshift-adjust: (redshift-adjust).  Script for manually adjusting the colour temperature with hotkeys
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2015 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top redshift-adjust -- Script for manually adjusting the colour temperature with hotkeys
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title redshift-adjust
@subtitle Script for manually adjusting the colour temperature with hotkeys
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{redshift-adjust}.
* Invoking::                        Executing @command{redshift-adjust}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{redshift-adjust} uses @command{redshift} to adjust
the colour temperature to either an absolute or a relative
colour temperature. If a colour temperature has not been set
using @command{redshift-adjust}, @command{redshift-adjust}
will assume that the current colour temperature is 6500 Kelvin.

@command{redshift-adjust} keeps track of the current colour
temperature by writing new colour temperature to a the file
@file{/tmp/.$@{UID@}.$@{DISPLAY@}.redshift-adjust}. Where
@env{$@{UID@}} is the user's ID, and @env{$@{DISPLAY@}}
is the value of the environment varable @env{DISPLAY},
or an empty string if @env{DISPLAY} is unset.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{redshift-adjust} is invoked in one of the following
ways:

@table @code
@item redshift-adjust =TEMP
Set the colour temperature to @code{TEMP} Kelvin.
@item redshift-adjust +TEMP
Increase the colour temperature by @code{TEMP} Kelvin.
@item redshift-adjust -TEMP
Decrease the colour temperature by @code{TEMP} Kelvin.
@item redshift-adjust -p
Print the current colour temperature.
@end table

@option{--print} can be used instead of @option{-p}.



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

